OCPBUGS34817: Infrastructure node workloads 'taints' are ambiguous in example and description (#90893)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/binding-infra-node-workloads-using-taints-tolerations.adoc

+
[TIP]
====
You can alternatively edit the pod specification to add the taint:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Node
metadata:
  name: node1
# ...
spec:
  taints:
    - key: node-role.kubernetes.io/infra
      value: reserved
      effect: NoSchedule
# ...
----
====
+

> These examples place a taint on `node1` that has key `node-role.kubernetes.io/infra` and taint effect `NoSchedule`. Nodes with the `NoSchedule` effect schedule only pods that tolerate the taint, but allow existing pods to remain scheduled on the node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples place a taint on the `node1` pod that has the `node-role.kubernetes.io/infra` key and the `NoSchedule` taint effect. Nodes with the `NoSchedule` effect schedule only pods that tolerate the taint, but allow existing pods to remain scheduled on the node. 
```
Tried to specify the keyword type after the keyword name, per IBM Style: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=elements-programming#keywords

Author: > These examples place a taint on the `node1` pod

The text is correct that the taint is placed on the node. (The matching toleration is added to the pods.)

+
[NOTE]
====
If a descheduler is used, pods violating node taints could be evicted from the cluster.
====

> . Add tolerations to the pods that you want to schedule on the infra node, such as the router, registry, and monitoring workloads. Following the previous examples, add the following tolerations to the `Pod` object specification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add tolerations to the pods that you want to schedule on the infra node, such as the router, registry, and monitoring workloads. Referencing the previous examples, add the following tolerations to the `Pod` object specification:
```
I tried to avoid having two instances of "Following" close to each other in the second sentence. Feel free to ignore or change my revision if it isn't accurate.

Moving pods for an Operator installed via OLM to an infra node is not always possible. The capability to move Operator pods depends on the configuration of each Operator.
====

> . Schedule the pod to the infra node using a scheduler. See the documentation for "Controlling pod placement using the scheduler" for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Schedule the pod to the infra node by using a scheduler. For more information, see "Controlling pod placement using the scheduler".
```
- https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#using
- https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#lead-in-link-sentences

> . Remove any workloads that you do not want, or do not belong, on the new infrastructure node. See the list of workloads supported for use on infrastructure nodes in "{product-title} infrastructure components". 	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Remove any workloads that you do not want, or that do not belong, on the new infra node. See the list of workloads supported for use on infra nodes in "{product-title} infrastructure components". 	
```
 Using "infra node" for consistency with other usage in this PR.
